### A5 Reflection

**Design Decisions**

 - _Sharp Adjacent Color Choices_
	 When selecting colors for the application, I divided my choices into light colors and dark colors, and followed the rule of ensuring that no two light-colored elements were adjacent and no two dark-colored elements were adjacent. For example, white text is used only with a dark blue background, while dark text is used only with a light blue background. This decision was made in the interest of accessibility, as though less jarring color transitions might be considered more aesthetic to some users, it would be difficult for colorblind or vision-impaired users  to distinguish between adjacent colors that were similar.
 
 - _Localized Account Management_
	I decided to implement all of the user actions related to account management (e.g. signing in/out, changing usernames/passwords, deleting accounts, etc.) just in the top-right account dialog, as opposed to also having account options in the profile panel. Though it might make sense to show account management actions in the profile panel, since it also displays user information, localizing these options simplifies user understanding of the app's organization, and also simplifies the details of implementation. Specifically, by keeping the profile panel static, i.e. users only use it for viewing as opposed modifying their account at all, it becomes easier for the user to understand how they are supposed to interact with the application. 
	 
 - _Edit, Delete Icons as Emoji_
	 Many of the action icons in the freet component are represented using emoji. For example, the "Edit" action is represented using a pen emoji, and the "Delete" action is represented using a trash can emoji. Although these actions could have been represented as buttons with text, I chose to use emoji to make each freet appear less cluttered. Moreover, many modern social media applications use similar icons to represent edits, deletes, and reposts, so it is likely that many users will recognize the meaning of those icons. At the same time, it may be more difficult for older users/those who are less familiar with the modern web to recognize what those icons do. To combat this, a tooltip appears when hovering over each emoji that indicates that the trash emoji denotes the delete action and the pen emoji denotes the edit emoji.
	 
 - _Modularized Profile Panel (Implementation)_
	When implementing the different components of the single-page application, I created many separate Vue components, each further subdivided into smaller components, with communication between the components taking place through global eventBus emits. An example of this modularized organization is the profile panel, where the three clearly distinct components of the panel (the profile section, the followers section, and the following section, each with its own white background) are represented in the code with three Vue components: `ProfileCard.vue`, `FollowersCard.vue`, and `FollowingCard.vue`. This component organization made implementing the details of each component far easier, as each component was responsible for only a small number of actions, and hence the file holding the component's code became shorter and more readable. In addition, it was easier to understand how the application updated on different user actions, as the updates to the data variables/messages between components were easy to track. Though figuring out how to subdivide components at the beginning of the frontend design process was time-consuming, and it would have likely been easier then to just jump into writing the UI code without modularization, modular code is far easier to work with in the long run.

**Social/Ethical Discussion**

The reflection I performed in A4 definitely influenced how I thought about and implemented accessibility considerations into my A5 frontend design. I had previously not thought very much about the importance of sharp color changes between text and different functional areas of the app, but post-reflection, I ensured that every component was clearly distinct from those around it. For example, in addition to the light and dark color switches described above, I also added heavy box shadows around the three primary components of the app (the profile panel, the freet panel, and the search panel) to distinguish their dark blue backgrounds from the light blue background of the general content panel.

In addition to considering accessibility for colorblind/visually impaired users, the A4 reflection also made me think more carefully about making the application accessible for older users. Previously, I would not have thought about adding tooltips/other helpful guidelines about the function of the edit and delete icons, for example. Recognizing that such an unguided interface might be difficult for users less familiar with the world wide web/modern web applications caused me to implement these and other changes, like generally larger font sizes.

Though discussed in the A4 reflection, I didn't have a chance to implement the additional concept of "anonymous upvotes." The original rationale for these features was to prevent users from experiencing backlash from others who see that s/he has upvoted a particular freet/type of content. As a result, in the current implementation of Fritter, any user (anonymous or non-anonymous) can view every user who has upvoted any freet. Though this has the previously explored benefits of allowing users to find like-minded users/role models and forming communities, it also still raises the dangerous possibility of groupthink and creating hotbeds of extremist views, in addition to user backlash. A future extension of Fritter should include such an anonymous upvote/refreet concept to combat some of these issues, though admittedly such a solution might also cause new problems, like trolls who cannot be repressed due to acting anonymously on the website.

**Modified Functionality from A3**

In my specification in A3, I allowed anonymous users to view the followers and following users of any user in Fritter. For the implementation in this assignment, I disallowed anonymous users from seeing this information, limiting them to only viewing the public freets of users. I made this decision because it seems reasonable to hide information about Fritter users from those outside the Fritter community, aside from freets that users explicitly expect others to see, for privacy reasons. (Users likely expect their freeted content to be accessibly by many, but perhaps do not realize the same about who they follow and who follows them.)